Editing the prodcli installation method (#1282)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/overview/assembly_installing-che-on-openshift-4-from-operatorhub.adoc

On OpenShift, {prod} can be installed using the OperatorHub Catalog present in the OpenShift web console.

[NOTE]
====

> It is possible to use the `{prod-cli}` utility script for deploying {prod-short} on {ocp} and {osd} versions {oc4-ver}. This method is considered unofficial and serves as a back-up installation method for situations where the installation method using OperatorHub is not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to use the `{prod-cli}` utility script for deploying {prod-short} on {ocp} and {osd} versions {oc4-ver}. This method is considered unofficial and serves as a backup installation method for situations where the installation method using OperatorHub is not available.
```

Reviewer: backup - noun, adjective
back up - verb

> For information how to use the `{prod-cli}` utility script for deploying {prod-short} on OpenShift, see the

Reviewer: "_about_ how to use" ?
